Add doc about defaults Spring Boot naming strategies (#7908)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/spring-data-jpa.adoc

    Slice<Movie> orderByTitleLength(Pageable pageable);
}
----
All methods that are annotated with `@Modifying` will automatically be annotated with `@Transactional`.

==== Naming Strategies

> Hibernate maps field names using a physical strategy and an implicit strategy. If you wish to use Spring Boot's default naming strategies, the following properties need to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hibernate ORM maps property names using a physical naming strategy and an implicit naming strategy. If you wish to use Spring Boot's default naming strategies, the following properties need to be set:
```

> Hibernate maps field names using a physical strategy and an implicit strategy. If you wish Quarkus to use the defaults Spring Boot Naming Strategies, you need to set up the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hibernate maps field names using a physical strategy and an implicit strategy. If you wish to use Spring Boot's default naming strategies, the following properties need to be se:
```
